Today, the organization of Australian researchers was informed, despite
that the planet of diamond is only 60 thousand kilometers in diameter
about a fifth of the size of the earth has a very characteristic
particular its high density slightly higher than that of Jupiter the planet of
diamond also called carbon form together when pressing a star
neutron that regularly emits pulses of electromagnetic radiation
a binary system about 4 thousand light-years from the earth in the constellation of
the snake separated by about 600 thousand kilometers the little planet orbits
in two hours and ten minutes the pulsar or a neutron star baptized as
psr j1719-1438 according to the team of scientists of Australia
germany italy united kingdom and united states the planet now become
a white dwarf seems to be the only residue of what was a star
huge and whose most part of its mass was diverted towards the orbit of this pulsar
Pulsars are neutron stars that rotate at high speed and have
20 kilometers in diameter these neutron stars emit pulses of
radio waves that are picked up by the telescopes explained that if I
and even though the distance between
of both celestial bodies is short the planet has not been destroyed by the
pulsation oscillations due to its size despite the rarity this
planet corroborates what we know about how these binary systems
evolve said one of the leaders of the investigation mateu dances the
University of Technology is your report of the city of Melburne
The Australian scientist also explained that the high density of
small planet gave clues to their origin and consider that much of the
star can be similar to that of a diamond besides the planet seems to be
Composed mainly of carbon and oxygen and has bright elements
as hydrogen and helium noted that there is responsible for the department of
astronomy and space science of csiro the discovery of this planet was given
after the team of Australian scientists warned first
the pulsar with the help of the csiro radio telescope located near
to the town of parks about 357 kilometers away
west of Sydney researchers later followed this discovery
with telescopes
the United States but the United States later noticed that the pulses of
pulsar were systematically altered by what could be the strength of
gravity of a small planet that together with this one formed a system
binary